com/example/artgram/viewmodels/ProfileViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.ProfileViewModel_Factory
com/example/artgram/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.example.artgram.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/example/artgram/ui/fragments/ImagesByNicknameFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.artgram.ui.fragments.ImagesByNicknameFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_artgram_viewmodels_UploadViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_artgram_viewmodels_UploadViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/example/artgram/viewmodels/AuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.AuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.AuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/artgram/viewmodels/ImageViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.ImageViewModel_Factory
com/example/artgram/databinding/FragmentProfileBindingImpl.java
 com.example.artgram.databinding.FragmentProfileBindingImpl
com/example/artgram/App_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.artgram.App_GeneratedInjector
com/example/artgram/Hilt_App.java
 com.example.artgram.Hilt_App
 com.example.artgram.Hilt_App$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_artgram_viewmodels_ProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_artgram_viewmodels_ProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/artgram/viewmodels/UploadViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.UploadViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.UploadViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/artgram/ui/fragments/Hilt_HomeFragment.java
 com.example.artgram.ui.fragments.Hilt_HomeFragment
com/example/artgram/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.artgram.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_artgram_ui_fragments_ImagesByNicknameFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_artgram_ui_fragments_ImagesByNicknameFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/artgram/viewmodels/AuthViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.AuthViewModel_Factory
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.AuthViewModel_Factory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_artgram_ui_activities_AuthActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_artgram_ui_activities_AuthActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/artgram/databinding/FragmentRegistrationBinding.java
 com.example.artgram.databinding.FragmentRegistrationBinding
com/example/artgram/repositories/UserRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.artgram.repositories.UserRepository_Factory
 com.example.artgram.repositories.UserRepository_Factory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_artgram_ui_activities_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_artgram_ui_activities_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/artgram/ui/fragments/ProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.artgram.ui.fragments.ProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/artgram/databinding/LayoutImageItemBindingImpl.java
 com.example.artgram.databinding.LayoutImageItemBindingImpl
com/example/artgram/viewmodels/AuthViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.AuthViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.AuthViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.AuthViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/artgram/databinding/FragmentImagesByNicknameBindingImpl.java
 com.example.artgram.databinding.FragmentImagesByNicknameBindingImpl
com/example/artgram/viewmodels/ProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.ProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.ProfileViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/artgram/viewmodels/ProfileViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.ProfileViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.ProfileViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.ProfileViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/artgram/BR.java
 com.example.artgram.BR
com/example/artgram/databinding/FragmentLoginBindingImpl.java
 com.example.artgram.databinding.FragmentLoginBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_artgram_viewmodels_UploadViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_artgram_viewmodels_UploadViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/artgram/viewmodels/UploadViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.UploadViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.UploadViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.UploadViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/artgram/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.artgram.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/artgram/databinding/FragmentHomeBindingImpl.java
 com.example.artgram.databinding.FragmentHomeBindingImpl
com/example/artgram/viewmodels/ImageViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.ImageViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.ImageViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/artgram/viewmodels/UploadViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.UploadViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_artgram_viewmodels_ImageViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_artgram_viewmodels_ImageViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_example_artgram_App.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_example_artgram_App
com/example/artgram/databinding/LayoutImageItemBinding.java
 com.example.artgram.databinding.LayoutImageItemBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_artgram_ui_fragments_HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_artgram_ui_fragments_HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/artgram/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.artgram.BuildConfig
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_artgram_ui_fragments_UploadFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_artgram_ui_fragments_UploadFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/artgram/ui/fragments/HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.artgram.ui.fragments.HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/artgram/ui/fragments/Hilt_UploadFragment.java
 com.example.artgram.ui.fragments.Hilt_UploadFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_artgram_viewmodels_ImageViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_artgram_viewmodels_ImageViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/artgram/repositories/ImagesRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.artgram.repositories.ImagesRepository_Factory
 com.example.artgram.repositories.ImagesRepository_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/example/artgram/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.artgram.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/artgram/databinding/FragmentRegistrationBindingImpl.java
 com.example.artgram.databinding.FragmentRegistrationBindingImpl
com/example/artgram/viewmodels/ImageViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.ImageViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.ImageViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.artgram.viewmodels.ImageViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_artgram_ui_fragments_ProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_artgram_ui_fragments_ProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_artgram_viewmodels_AuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_artgram_viewmodels_AuthViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_artgram_App_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_artgram_App_GeneratedInjector
com/example/artgram/databinding/FragmentImagesByNicknameBinding.java
 com.example.artgram.databinding.FragmentImagesByNicknameBinding
com/example/artgram/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.artgram.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/artgram/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.example.artgram.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.example.artgram.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_artgram_viewmodels_ProfileViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_artgram_viewmodels_ProfileViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/artgram/ui/fragments/UploadFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.artgram.ui.fragments.UploadFragment_GeneratedInjector
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_example_artgram_App.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_example_artgram_App
com/example/artgram/ui/fragments/Hilt_ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.artgram.ui.fragments.Hilt_ProfileFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_artgram_viewmodels_AuthViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_artgram_viewmodels_AuthViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/artgram/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.example.artgram.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/example/artgram/ui/fragments/Hilt_ImagesByNicknameFragment.java
 com.example.artgram.ui.fragments.Hilt_ImagesByNicknameFragment
com/example/artgram/DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.example.artgram.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.example.artgram.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.example.artgram.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.artgram.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.artgram.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.artgram.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.artgram.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.artgram.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI
 com.example.artgram.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.artgram.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCI
 com.example.artgram.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.artgram.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCI
 com.example.artgram.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.example.artgram.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 com.example.artgram.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.artgram.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.example.artgram.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.artgram.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
com/example/artgram/databinding/FragmentUploadBindingImpl.java
 com.example.artgram.databinding.FragmentUploadBindingImpl
com/example/artgram/ui/activities/Hilt_AuthActivity.java
 com.example.artgram.ui.activities.Hilt_AuthActivity
 com.example.artgram.ui.activities.Hilt_AuthActivity$1
com/example/artgram/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.artgram.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.artgram.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.artgram.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/artgram/ui/activities/AuthActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.artgram.ui.activities.AuthActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/artgram/App_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.artgram.App_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/example/artgram/ui/activities/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.artgram.ui.activities.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/artgram/ui/activities/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.artgram.ui.activities.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.example.artgram.ui.activities.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/example/artgram/databinding/FragmentUploadBinding.java
 com.example.artgram.databinding.FragmentUploadBinding
